docs(sca): documentation related to the new SCA mode (#2455)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/getting-started/pages/package-and-deploy-sca-application.adoc

= Package and deploy your Application
:description: Learn how to package and deploy your project.

In this following sections, you will learn how to package and deploy your application as a local docker container.

> Be careful to following the xref:build-run:build-application.adoc#prerequisites[prerequisites] before starting this tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to check the xref:build-run:build-application.adoc#prerequisites[prerequisites] before starting this tutorial.
```

== Application build

=== Default application packaging

The xref:runtime:user-application-overview.adoc[user application], xref:runtime:admin-application-overview.adoc[admin application] and xref:runtime:reporting-app.adoc[reporting application] are not embedded by default in the final project artifact.

> You need add them manually if you want to deploy them. To do it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have to add them manually if you want to deploy them. To do it:
```

> * From Studio, Open Marketplace and filter by application type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* From the Studio, go to the Overview tab, Extensions, Open Marketplace and filter by application type
```

* Add the desired default applications to your project
* In the pom.xml file, you will see the new dependencies added for the application

=== Packaging as a docker image

To package your application as a docker image, you need to run this commands at the root of your project:

[source,shell]
----
  mvn clean package -Pdocker -Dbonita.environment=local
----

The docker image is created, you can find it with `docker images` command (the image name is: `getting-started-tutorial-local`).

> For more information about packaging as application, you can check xref:build-run:build-application.adoc[Application build section].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about packaging as application, please read xref:build-run:build-application.adoc[Application build section].
```

== Deploy your application

> Run you docker application with command `docker run --rm --name GettingStarted -h GettingStarted -e -d -p 9000:8080 getting-started-tutorial-local:3.0.0-SNAPSHOT`

Reviewer 2: suggestion:
Might not run with `--rm` to help debug failed container.
 `-h <hostname>` is required if you run an SP container but with the previous `mvn package` it implicitly packages a Community version. Is this what we want?
`-e` is not necessary 
```suggestion
Run you docker application with command `docker run --name GettingStarted -d -p 9000:8080 getting-started-tutorial-local:3.0.0-SNAPSHOT`
```

> Run you docker application with command `docker run --name GettingStarted -d -p 9000:8080 getting-started-tutorial-local:3.0.0-SNAPSHOT`

Reviewer: Please use a 'code' section as above

[NOTE]
====

> You can adapt the command to your needs. For example, you can add a volume to add a license folder, add this option: `-v ~/lic/:/opt/bonita_lic/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can adapt the command to your needs. For example, to add a volume for a license folder, use this option: `-v ~/lic/:/opt/bonita_lic/`.
```
